Add Incremental Data Loading Documentation (#10816)
cBioPortal/cbioportal: docs/Incremental-Data-Loading.md

Note that in this case, you don't have to supply all sample information or molecular data types for this patient again as those are separate data types, and the rule applies to them in their own turn.

**Note:** Although incremental upload will create a genetic profile (name, description, etc.) when you upload molecular data for the first time, it does not update the profile attributes on subsequent uploads.
It simply reuses the genetic profile if none of the identifying attributes (`cancer_study_identifier`, `genetic_alteration_type`, `datatype` and `stable_id`) have changed.

## Usage
To load data incrementally, you have to specify `--data_directory` (or `-d`) instead of `--study_directory` (or `-s`) option for the [metaImport script](./Using-the-metaImport-script.md) or `cbioportalImporter.py` scripts.

The data directory follows the same structure and data format as the study directory.
The data files should contain complete information about entries you want to add or update.

## Supported Data Types
Please note that incremental upload is supported for subset of data types only.

> Not supported data types have to be omitted from the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsupported data types have to be omitted from the directory.
```
